README.md, before:

# List of go libraries

The idea of this repository is to collect cool libraries, tools and applications for game of go, which could be used by developers. It is primarily intended for web developers, but all projects are welcome. There are only 2 rules: code of the project must be licensed as open source (so other people could use it) and it must be in some public web repository (if a library doesn't have GitHub, it isn't cool :wink:).

If you want to add a new link, just create a pull request (or directly edit this file). Don't forget to write a small description, it should be about one line long, longer texts won't be accepted. If some category is missing, you can add it as well.

## Libraries for the Web

### SGF viewers and editors

- [EidoGo](https://github.com/jkk/eidogo) - one of the first JavaScript SGF viewer, which runs even in old browsers.
- [Web Go/Baduk Board](https://github.com/IlyaKirillov/GoProject) - HTML5 based SGF viewer and editor, which support rarer file formats like ngf and gib.
- [WGo.js Player](http://wgo.waltheri.net/player) - highly customizable SGF player, part of WGo.js library.
- [Glift](http://www.gliftgo.com) - modern responsive SGF viewer with many features out of the box.
- [jGoBoard](http://jgoboard.com) - javascript SGF player with a photo-realistic go board and stones.
- [Sabaki](https://github.com/yishn/Sabaki) - modern javascript based SGF editor, which can run as desktop application.

### SGF utilities

- [smartgame](https://github.com/neagle/smartgame) - parses SGF file into JSON.
- [smartgamer](https://github.com/neagle/smartgamer) - navigates and manipulates JSON kifu representation from smartgame.

### Web apps

- [GoKibitz](http://gokibitz.com/) - move-by-move conversations about go games.

### Other

- [KGS-Game-Archives](https://github.com/neagle/KGS-Game-Archives) - a jQuery plugin and PHP script to put links to your KGS games on a webpage.

## Go bots & A.I.

- [deep-go](https://github.com/jsalvatier/deep-go) - move evaluation in go using seep Convolutional Neural Networks.
- [BetaGo](https://github.com/maxpumperla/betago) - a tool for creating and training your own go bot.
- [pachi](https://github.com/pasky/pachi) - pretty strong bot engine.
- [RocAlphaGo](https://github.com/Rochester-NRT/RocAlphaGo) - attempt to reimplement Google AlphaGo.
- [GoCNN](https://github.com/jmgilmer/GoCNN) - using CNN for Go board evaluation with TensorFlow.

## Other libraries

- [sgfparser](https://github.com/HermanHiddema/sgfparser) - SGF parser for Python.
- [sgf-utils](https://github.com/traveller42/sgf-utils) - collection of utilities in various languages that use SGF files in some specific manner.
- [uberdownloader](https://github.com/thouis/uberdownloader) - python script for downloading games from OGS.
- [ogs-notifier](https://github.com/prozz/ogs-notifier) - chrome plugin for easy notifications from OGS.
- [clublisttool](https://github.com/slashme/clublisttool) - database of go clubs and some tools to edit, import and export club data.
- [noGo](https://github.com/inclement/noGo) - cross-platform SGF editor written in Python.
- [Gobandroid](https://github.com/ligi/gobandroid) - SGF viewer and editor for Android.

Commit message:

Updating list with further links
Adding new links to qgo, besogo, sgfgrove, pachi, michi, tenuki.js. Moving sgfparser and sgf-utils to SGF utilities section.

README.md, after:

# List of go libraries

The idea of this repository is to collect cool libraries, tools and applications for game of go, which could be used by developers. It is primarily intended for web developers, but all projects are welcome. There are only 2 rules: code of the project must be licensed as open source (so other people could use it) and it must be in some public web repository (if a library doesn't have GitHub, it isn't cool :wink:).

If you want to add a new link, just create a pull request (or directly edit this file). Don't forget to write a small description, it should be about one line long, longer texts won't be accepted. If some category is missing, you can add it as well.

## Libraries for the Web

### SGF viewers and editors

- [EidoGo](https://github.com/jkk/eidogo) - one of the first JavaScript SGF viewer, which runs even in old browsers.
- [Web Go/Baduk Board](https://github.com/IlyaKirillov/GoProject) - HTML5 based SGF viewer and editor, which support rarer file formats like ngf and gib.
- [WGo.js Player](http://wgo.waltheri.net/player) - highly customizable SGF player, part of WGo.js library.
- [Glift](http://www.gliftgo.com) - modern responsive SGF viewer with many features out of the box.
- [jGoBoard](http://jgoboard.com) - javascript SGF player with a photo-realistic go board and stones.
- [Sabaki](https://github.com/yishn/Sabaki) - modern javascript based SGF editor, which can run as desktop application.
- [qgo](https://github.com/pzorin/qgo) - Go Client based on Qt 5
- [besogo](https://github.com/yewang/besogo) - javascript SGF editor/viewer

### SGF utilities

- [smartgame](https://github.com/neagle/smartgame) - parses SGF file into JSON.
- [smartgamer](https://github.com/neagle/smartgamer) - navigates and manipulates JSON kifu representation from smartgame.
- [sgfparser](https://github.com/HermanHiddema/sgfparser) - SGF parser for Python.
- [sgf-utils](https://github.com/traveller42/sgf-utils) - collection of utilities in various languages that use SGF files in some specific manner.
- [sgfgrove](https://github.com/anazawa/sgfgrove) - type-aware SGF parser/composer intended for the browser

### Web apps

- [GoKibitz](http://gokibitz.com/) - move-by-move conversations about go games.

### Other

- [KGS-Game-Archives](https://github.com/neagle/KGS-Game-Archives) - a jQuery plugin and PHP script to put links to your KGS games on a webpage.

## Go bots & A.I.

- [deep-go](https://github.com/jsalvatier/deep-go) - move evaluation in go using seep Convolutional Neural Networks.
- [BetaGo](https://github.com/maxpumperla/betago) - a tool for creating and training your own go bot.
- [pachi](https://github.com/pasky/pachi) - modular framework for go AI, and a reasonably strong engine built with this framework
- [michi](https://github.com/pasky/michi) - minimalistic MCTS engine

## Other libraries

- [tenuki.js](https://github.com/aprescott/tenuki.js) - javascript implementation of go board and game rules
- [uberdownloader](https://github.com/thouis/uberdownloader) - python script for downloading games from OGS.
- [ogs-notifier](https://github.com/prozz/ogs-notifier) - chrome plugin for easy notifications from OGS.
- [clublisttool](https://github.com/slashme/clublisttool) - database of go clubs and some tools to edit, import and export club data.
